react-simplification/README.md, before:

# The simple React project template
This project is generated by [code-template-generator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/code-template-generator).

## Dependencies

Main packages:
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Babel](https://babeljs.io/docs/en) ([Babel 7 released](https://babeljs.io/blog/2018/08/27/7.0.0) and [removing Babel's stage presets](https://babeljs.io/blog/2018/07/27/removing-babels-stage-presets))
* [Babel Loader](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader)
* [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/)
* [Webpack Dev Server](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/dev-server/)

Other packages:
* [Clean plugin for Webpack](https://github.com/johnagan/clean-webpack-plugin)
* [HTML Webpack Plugin](https://github.com/jantimon/html-webpack-plugin)
* [mini-css-extract-plugin](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/mini-css-extract-plugin)
* [CSS Loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/css-loader)
* [Style Loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/style-loader)

## Features

||Location|
|---|---|
|Source code|`/src`|
|Components|`/src/components`|
|HTML template|`/src/index.html`|
|Entry point|`/src/index.js`|
|Styles|`/src/styles.css`|

* Auto refresh whenever you make a change in your code.
* Your code are compiled into the directory `/dist` with three separate file extensions `*.html, *.css, *.js`.
* Directory `/dist` is deleted and then created automatic whenever you run the command `npm run build`.

View more about the features on [GitHub](https://github.com/nguyenkhois/build-environments).

Tested on:
* Windows 10 version 1903
* MacOS version 10.13
* Ubuntu version 18.04 LTS

## Using
* Run the command `npm install` to install all needed dependencies.
* Other commands:
    * `npm run start` - Starts Webpack Dev Server by the development mode.
    * `npm run build` - Bundles your app into the folder `/dist` by the production mode.
* Local web server is started at `htpp://localhost:9000`

Commit message:

Added favicon.ico and updated the templates

react-simplification/README.md, after:

# The simple React project template
This project is generated by [code-template-generator](https://www.npmjs.com/package/code-template-generator). View more information and other project templates on [GitHub](https://github.com/nguyenkhois/build-environments).

## Dependencies

Main packages:
* [React](https://reactjs.org/)
* [Babel](https://babeljs.io/docs/en) ([Babel 7 released](https://babeljs.io/blog/2018/08/27/7.0.0) and [removing Babel's stage presets](https://babeljs.io/blog/2018/07/27/removing-babels-stage-presets))
* [Babel Loader](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader)
* [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/concepts/)
* [Webpack Dev Server](https://webpack.js.org/configuration/dev-server/)

Other packages:
* [Clean plugin for Webpack](https://github.com/johnagan/clean-webpack-plugin)
* [HTML Webpack Plugin](https://github.com/jantimon/html-webpack-plugin)
* [mini-css-extract-plugin](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/mini-css-extract-plugin)
* [CSS Loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/css-loader)
* [Style Loader](https://github.com/webpack-contrib/style-loader)

## Features

||Location|
|---|---|
|Source code|`/src`|
|Components|`/src/components`|
|HTML template|`/src/index.html`|
|Entry point|`/src/index.js`|
|Styles|`/src/styles.css`|

* Auto refresh whenever you make a change in your code.
* Your code are compiled into the directory `/dist` with three separate file extensions `*.html, *.css, *.js`.
* Directory `/dist` is deleted and then created automatic whenever you run the command `npm run build`.

View more about the features on [GitHub](https://github.com/nguyenkhois/build-environments).

Tested on:
* Windows 10 version 1903
* MacOS version 10.13
* Ubuntu version 18.04 LTS

## Using
* Run the command `npm install` to install all needed dependencies.
* Other commands:
    * `npm run start` - Starts Webpack Dev Server by the development mode.
    * `npm run build` - Bundles your app into the folder `/dist` by the production mode.
* Local web server is started at `htpp://localhost:9000`
